Oh, dear.
Sorry, sorry.
It's okay to get dirty for you. It's okay.
I'm going to the bathroom first
hairy feet
Go and have a look.
Hey, I'll go to Mr. Su now
Miss Zhang, why are you here?
What do you want?
What does Miss Zhang mean by that?
I'm here for Miss Jiang's dinner party
Miss Zhang invited me personally
If you don't believe me, ask him what you just said.
Are you mocking me?
Mockery oh no
I'm just stating a fact
Isn't Miss Zhang trying to marry into a wealthy family?
By the way, Miss Zhang may not have thought so at first
After all, when I was bullied at the barbecue stand that day
Crying is really a wife, how dare you say it?
Did you think you didn't hear what you said the other day?
You are a coward
Just a softie
If it weren't for you
How did I get so many slaps that day?
Miss Zhang, what you said is wrong.
Beating is kissing, scolding is love
If it weren't for Mr. Chen's beating and scolding you
How can you cross class to be his girlfriend?
Enter this occasion
I'm warning you!
Get out of here if you are sensible
Otherwise
Otherwise, what will happen to you?
I'd like to know
In my last life?
I kindly saved you
But you took revenge and killed me
Now I'm far away
You still come to trouble me
That being the case
Then don't blame me for being polite
Help! Help! Help!